BEFORE DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE, PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING AGREEMENT.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, ACTIVATE OR USE THIS SOFTWARE IF YOU EITHER DO NOT
AGREE TO THE TERMS BELOW OR DO NOT HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT THE TERMS
ON BEHALF OF LICENSEE. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, ACTIVATING OR USING THE
SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF PRIOR
TO DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, ACTIVATING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU DECIDE YOU
ARE UNWILLING TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO USE
THE SOFTWARE.

This Dolby Software License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement
between you (either as an individual if you are agreeing to it in your own
capacity, or if you are authorized to acquire the Software on behalf of your
company or organization, between the entity for whose benefit you act) (
"Licensee") and Dolby Laboratories Licensing Corporation, a New York
corporation, Dolby International AB, a Swedish company residing in The
Netherlands (collectively, "Licensor"). "Software" means the software
development kit and documentation that accompanies this Agreement.

1. Terms of Service. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the use of the
Software is subject to the Dolby.io Terms of Service viewable at
https://dolby.io/policies/terms-of-service (the "Terms of Service"), which are
incorporated by reference herein. Defined terms in this Agreement and not
otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in the Terms of
Service. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the Terms of
Service, this Agreement shall prevail solely to the extent of such conflict.

2. License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor
hereby grants Licensee a revocable, royalty-free, nonexclusive,
nontransferable, nonassignable license (subject to Licensee's continued
compliance with this Agreement) to install and use a reasonable number of
copies of the Software to be used solely in the manner described in the
documentation contained in the Software and as further authorized in the Terms
of Service. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that use of the Software under
this Agreement constitutes a "Service" as defined in the Terms of Service.

3. License Restriction. Licensee shall not copy, modify or create derivative
works of the Software, except as expressly permitted herein, or to reverse
assemble, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to derive source
code from the Software. For the purposes of this provision "copy" shall not
include copying of statements and instructions of the Software or any portion
thereof that naturally occurs during normal program execution when used in
accordance with and for the purposes described in the documentation or in the
course of making unmodified copies of the Software or documentation as part of
the regular back-up of the Software in accordance with standard industry
business practices.

4. Rights in Software. This Agreement is not a sale and does not transfer to
Licensee any title or ownership interest in or to the Software or any patent,
copyright, trade secret, trade name, trademark or other proprietary or
intellectual property rights related to the Software. Except for the rights
expressly granted herein, Licensor retains all of its right, title and interest
in and to the Software. Licensee shall not remove, alter, or obscure any
proprietary notices contained on or within the Software and shall reproduce
such notices on any back-up copy of the Software.

5. Confidential Information. The Software constitutes Confidential Information
as defined in the Terms of Service.

6. Open Source Software. "Open Source Software" means any software or other
material included in the Software which is (1) subject to a license (a) listed
at http://opensource.org/licenses/ as of the effective date, (b) that meet the
criteria listed at http://opensource.org/docs/definition.php as of the
effective date, or (c) that is licensed under a free software, open source
software, or similar licensing model; and (2) which if distributed by Licensee
would (a) impose any obligations on Licensee to provide reports or royalties,
or to disclose any information to a third party, or (b) impose any requirements
that any patents related to the Software must be licensed to, or may be
asserted against, recipients of the Software. A list of such Open Source
Software, as amended from time to time, is provided in the documentation
contained in the Software. The Open Source Software is not subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement. Instead, each item of Open Source Software is
licensed under the terms of the end user license that accompanies such Open
Source Software. It is your responsibility to review the documentation and
license terms associated with each Open Source component.  You should seek your
own legal counsel based upon your implementation details. Nothing in this
Agreement limits Licensee's rights under, or grants Licensee rights that
supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable end user license for the
Open Source Software. LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT DOLBY HAS PROVIDED
SUCH OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE SOLELY AS A CONVENIENCE AND THAT THE LICENSE TO THE
SOFTWARE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT INCLUDE A LICENSE FOR ANY SUCH OPEN
SOURCE SOFTWARE.

7. No Warranty by Licensor. LICENSOR IS PROVIDING THE SOFTWARE AND OPEN SOURCE
SOFTWARE TO LICENSEE "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED BY LICENSOR AND
EXCLUDED. LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT SOFTWARE AND OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE OR
THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED THEREIN WILL MEET LICENSEE'S REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE
OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE AND OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE AND OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE WILL BE
CORRECTED. LICENSEE IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF OPEN
SOURCE SOFTWARE AND ASSUMES ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ITS USE, INCLUDING WITH
RESPECT TO THE OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE.

8. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall not create or be construed as creating
a joint venture, co-ownership, partnership, or agency relationship between
Licensee and Licensor. Neither party will have authority to or will hold itself
out as having any authority to incur, assume, or create, orally or in writing,
any liability, obligation or undertaking of any kind in the name of, or on
behalf of, or in any way binding upon, the other.